Online School Exam Management SystemFlow:Super-Admin:Superadmin will create admin under him, with mail id, mobile number and password.Superadmin will have full admin access over system, Superadmin will assign count to 

Admin and then schools added by admin , and under that schools registered students will have this total count. Means for example if superadmin have created any admin and assigned 20,000 count for users. So 20,000 students can give exam. This count will get reduced after each attempt. And this will be optional if superadmin not add any user count then any no of user can give exam.Superadmin will be able to see all the data, means all schools seeded by admin, students registered under each school, there results etc.Admin:1)Admin will be able to seed schools , with csv or excel file.it will have school name and UDIS no with it.these added / seeded schools , student will able to choose one from them while registering or signing for platform.so student will be registered under that school.2)Admin will create or add classrooms and after adding them will push for specific or multiple schools.3)Admin will create category, subcategory will be optional.4)and then will create exam for that He will give exam name,will choose category from dropdown, if subcategory applicable  then subcategory as well. Then will add exam time in minutes, question count , and mark for each correct ans, this will be completely mcq based exam system. Will add csv or excel sheet of question then four mcq’s and then answeradmin should able to add 1000 number of questions from that. Then after creating this he will create group and for that group he will select classrooms, for example 5th to8th group A, 9th to 12th group B he will give name as well for that group.and then push this test or exam for multiple schools he want.5)suppose he added 500 questions , and while creating exam admin select question count as 50 so from that 500 questions students will get shuffled random set of 50 questions. From that set, but one question should not repeat in one set. In each set each question should be unique.6) admin will able to view results only 3 top students , per class, per group , per school. There will be date range and time , till then result will be fetched .other wise live result.7)admin will able to download this data.Student:1)Student will register with name , class dropdown(will be fetched from admin added class),School dropdown with search field (will be fetched from admin added class)  , Dist, Tehsil, Mobile number(unique ). Password. Etc.2)after logged in student will only see pushed exam with necessary details.like exam name, duration , exam type , marks etc on that card.and take exam button, 3) exam will get auto submitted after end of duration. If not submitted manually by student. After submitting student will see congratulations message and download certificate option. After clicking on that certificate will get downloaded in the form of pdf. No marks will be on there on certificate. Only certificate of participation with student name , class , school name etc will be there.